hello dear friends I suggest
your attention is unique and the most
the best screed for your floor made
from ordinary sawdust why unique
because similar information in
on the Internet you will not find anywhere
you say what it will give me and why
I need this thing in that screed
zapilov
has a lot of advantages
first it is environmentally friendly not
contains harmful materials the second is very
cheap consists of 70 percent sawdust
which you can purchase in the summer
any sawmill for nothing and you even for it
can say thank you for taking out
garbage
the third sawdust is very warm and
can be used as
insulation
4 incredibly durable on the slide you can
see the screed from the sawdust which outwardly
no different from a conventional screed and
plaster
also made with adding a beer for
heat preservation
the screed is made very simple
consists of two layers the first layer is the bottom
one bucket of cement two sand buckets 6
sawdust buckets second layer top single
buckets of cement two people sand 3 people
beer and the first layer, we need to heat and
the second layer we need is more durable
so that there is less abrasion sex ecu
and he was more durable you can
doubt the information said because
that I also doubted
very much when the first time poured
sawdust floors
then to the last he doubted that
maybe something will result
of course surpassed all my expectations and here
For over five years now I have been making a screed from
sawdust to order people and only get
by
individual reviews follow this link
You will find more information about
screed of plaster chips with
adding sawdust and even blocks that
also made of sawdust wall blocks
which fit into the wall hold
warm and very durable
thank you very much for your attention with you
Alex Zhigunov see you soon